 
Compiling and linking the model (Visual C++). 
 
dsmodel.c
dsmodel.c(587) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(713) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(722) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(726) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(729) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(733) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(798) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(804) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(809) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(840) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(950) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1002) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1095) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1127) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1200) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1254) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1304) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1361) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1392) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1440) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1484) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
   Creating library dymosim.lib and object dymosim.exp
 
Successful generation of Dymosim. 
 
