 
Compiling and linking the model (Visual C++). 
 
dsmodel.c
dsmodel.c(598) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(673) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(682) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(686) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(689) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(693) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(715) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(721) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(741) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(847) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(924) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(973) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1034) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1081) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1097) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1137) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1171) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1259) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1297) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1319) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1350) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
   Creating library dymosim.lib and object dymosim.exp
 
Successful generation of Dymosim. 
 
